Ingredients:

9 lasagna noodles
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 onion, chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 red bell pepper, chopped
1 zucchini, chopped
1 yellow squash, chopped
1 cup sliced mushrooms
1 can (14 ounces) crushed tomatoes
1 can (14 ounces) tomato sauce
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
2 cups ricotta cheese
1 egg
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley
2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese

Instructions:

Preheat your oven to 375°F (190°C) and lightly grease a 9x13-inch baking dish.

Cook the lasagna noodles according to the package instructions until al dente. Drain and set aside.

In a large skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the chopped onion and minced garlic. Sauté for about 5 minutes until the onion becomes translucent and the garlic is fragrant.

Add the chopped red bell pepper, zucchini, yellow squash, and sliced mushrooms to the skillet. Cook for about 5-7 minutes until the vegetables are slightly softened.

Stir in the crushed tomatoes, tomato sauce, dried basil, dried oregano, salt, and black pepper. Simmer the sauce for about 10 minutes to allow the flavors to meld together. Remove from heat.

In a medium bowl, combine the ricotta cheese, egg, and chopped parsley. Mix well.

To assemble the lasagna, spread about 1 cup of the vegetable sauce evenly on the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Layer 3 lasagna noodles on top. Spread half of the ricotta cheese mixture over the noodles, followed by about 1 cup of the vegetable sauce. Sprinkle with 1 cup of shredded mozzarella cheese.

Repeat the layering process with 3 more lasagna noodles, the remaining ricotta cheese mixture, another cup of vegetable sauce, and 1 cup of shredded mozzarella cheese.

For the final layer, place the remaining 3 lasagna noodles on top. Spread the remaining vegetable sauce over the noodles. Sprinkle with the remaining shredded mozzarella cheese and grated Parmesan cheese.

Cover the baking dish with foil and bake in the preheated oven for 25 minutes. Then remove the foil and bake for an additional 10-15 minutes until the cheese is bubbly and golden.

Remove the lasagna from the oven and let it cool for a few minutes before serving.