INGREDIENTS
2 pork tenderloins (2 – 2 1/2 lbs.)
For the Ultimate BBQ Rub:

2 tsp. paprika
2 tsp. garlic powder
1 tsp. onion powder
1 tsp. chili powder
1/2 tsp. cumin
1/2 tsp. chipotle powder (use smoked paprika for less heat)
1 tsp. sea salt
1/2 tsp. pepper
1 Tbsp. coconut sugar (may sub brown sugar or omit for Whole30)
2 Tbsp. avocado oil or olive oil
2 Tbsp. lime juice
For the Avocado Green Sauce (optional):

1/4 cup olive oil or avocado oil
1/4 cup lime juice (juice of about 1 medium lime)
1 cup fresh herbs, roughly chopped (mix of parsley and cilantro)
1–2 cloves garlic
1 medium avocado, peeled pitted and cut in half (slightly soft)
1/2 tsp. sea salt
1/4 tsp. crushed red pepper flakes (add more for more kick)
Cook Mode Prevent your screen from going dark

INSTRUCTIONS

With paper towels, pat the pork tenderloins to absorb as much moisture as possible.

In a small bowl combine all of the BBQ rub ingredients and stir to combine.

Smear the pork tenderloins with the BBQ rub and spread out until evenly and fully covered – a nice thick layer.

Optional step – let the pork tenderloins marinate for 30 minutes to 8 hours.

Preheat grill to high heat, 450℉. Once preheated, place the pork tenderloins on the grill and cook for 2 minutes on each side. Then cook until internal temp reaches 145℉, flipping half way through (around the 10 minute mark). Grill time will depend on grill used and thickness of pork tenderloins. Most important part is that the internal temp reaches 145℉.

Optional step – while the pork is on the grill, prepare the Avocado Green Sauce by adding all of the sauce ingredients to a small food processor or blender, and blending until desired consistency is achieved, as chunky or as smooth as you’d like.

Once internal temp reaches 145℉ remove from the grill. Place the pork tenderloin on a clean plate and cover with a foil tent for 5-10 minutes. After the time is up, slice into 3/4-1 inch pieces.

Serve topped with Avocado Green Sauce and your favorite sides.