INGREDIENTS
1 to 1.25 pounds skin-on salmon fillet
1 lemon, sliced into thin rounds
1/2 cup unsalted butter, melted
3 to 4 tablespoons honey
2 to 3 tablespoons lemon juice (from about 1 lemon)
1 teaspoon Morton Kosher Salt, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, or to taste
1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley, optional for garnishing

Instructions:
Preheat oven to 375F and place a piece of foil on the baking sheet to cover it completely.

Place salmon on the foil (with the longer side parallel with the longer side of the sheet pan) with the skin-side down. Raise the edges of the foil up about 2 inches (or enough so that when you pour the buttery mixture over the top it will be contained in the foil).

Nestle lemon slices underneath the salmon, spaced evenly around the fillet; set aside.

To a microwave-safe glass measuring cup or bowl, add the butter and heat on high power to melt, about 1 minute.

Stir in the honey and lemon juice. Pour or spoon about two-thirds of the mixture over the salmon; reserve remainder.

Evenly season with Morton Kosher Salt and pepper, to taste.

Seal up the foil. Likely you will need to add another sheet of foil on top in order to seal it. Crimp or pinch the top and bottom pieces of foil together; get it as air-tight as possible but it doesn’t have to be perfect. If you have time, set aside to marinate for about 10 to 15 minutes (enhanced flavor).

Bake for about 15 minutes.

Remove salmon from the oven and remove the top piece of foil or open up the packet so salmon is exposed but keep the edges raised to contain the buttery mixture.

Set oven to Hi broil.

Spoon the reserved buttery mixture over the salmon, if desired. Use your judgment and if there’s already lots of juice you don’t need to add it because you don’t want it to start leaking. If you have extra buttery mixture, it’s great served over the finished dish.

Broil salmon for about 5 to 10 minutes, or until as golden as desired. Keep a close eye on it because all broilers are different and you don’t want it to burn. Exact broiling time will depend on the size and thickness of the salmon, climate and oven variances, and personal preference.

Optionally garnish with parsley and serve immediately. Salmon is best warm and fresh but will keep airtight in the fridge for up to 3 days.