INGREDIENTS
FOR THE STEAK:
5 skirt steaks 8 ounces each
2 teaspoons ancho chile powder
1 teaspoon paprika
½ teaspoon ground coriander
½ teaspoon cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon light brown sugar
1 teaspoon dried thyme
Grapeseed or veggie oil
FOR THE BRUSSELS SPROUTS:
2 pounds of small brussels sprouts
1/4 cup walnuts chopped and toasted(optional)
2 tablespoons dried unsweetened cranberries
Zest of 1 lemon
Olive oil
Kosher salt
Freshly cracked pepper
FOR THE SWEET POTATO FRIES:
2 pounds of sweet potatoes
1 teaspoon ground cumin
¼ teaspoon cinnamon
¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper
Kosher salt
Olive oil
INSTRUCTIONS

Make the spice rub by adding the ancho chile powder and next 5 ingredients to a small bowl, mix well. Season the steaks generous pinch of salt and dry rub on each side, massage the rub in to the meat. Let sit at room temperature for 20 minutes with the rub on.

For the sprouts, pre-heat oven to 450 degrees F along with the sheet tray inside of the oven. Cut a tiny bit of the root end off the sprouts and then cut them in half. Toss the sprouts with 2 tablespoons of olive oil, a teaspoon of salt, and a couple cracks of pepper.

Carefully spread the sprouts in one even layer on the hot sheet tray and roast in the oven for 25-35 minutes until the exterior of the sprouts are well browned. Take the sprouts out of the oven and add walnuts, cranberries, lemon zest, and mix well.

For the sweet potatoes, cut them in half and then cut them in 1/4 inch thick wedges. Toss the potatoes with 2-3 tablespoons of olive oil, cumin, cinnamon, cayenne, 1 teaspoon salt, and mix well. Arrange the fries in a single layer on one or two sheet trays and roast in a 400 degrees for 25-35 minutes. 

Sweet potato fries burn easily, so check for color after 15-20 minutes and flip the fries if one side gets too dark. If not much color has appeared after 25 minutes, jack the heat up to 450 degrees F and cook for another 10 minutes until well browned. Remove the fries and check for seasoning, they may need a little more salt.

To cook the steak, pre-heat a cast pan over medium-high heat for 2-3 minutes with 2 teaspoons of oil. Working in two batches, place the meat in the pan and let it cook for 3 minutes without touching the meat. Flip the meat and let it cook another 2-3 minutes and move it to a clean plate. Let the steak rest for 5 minutes under tin foil. Make sure to slice the steak AGAINST the grain when you are eating it.

Arrange your meal prep containers with some steak, brussels sprouts, and sweet potato fries, enjoy! Everything will keep in the fridge for 5 days or can be frozen for 2-3 months. When time to re-heat, wrap the container in foil and place in a 400 F oven for 10-12 minutes. If using the microwave, cover the container with a wet paper towel.