Ingredients
for 6 servings

WRAPS

6 leaves collard green
2 tablespoons light soy sauce
1 teaspoon garlic powder
½ teaspoon red pepper flakes
16 oz extra firm tofu(455 g), 1 package, cut into 1/2x2-inch (1x5-cm) strips
1 tablespoon sesame oil
1 medium cucumber, peeled and julienned
1 medium carrot, shredded
2 tablespoons fresh thai basil
2 tablespoons fresh mint
2 scallions, thinly sliced
THAI PEANUT SAUCE

½ cup unsweetened natural peanut butter(120 g)
1 tablespoon sriracha
4 teaspoons toasted sesame oil
1 tablespoon honey
2 tablespoons lime juice
1 tablespoon water
kosher salt, to taste

Preparation
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat.

While the water heats up, prepare the collard green leaves. Trim the stems, then, using a paring knife, carefully remove the thick part of the stem from the leaf. Working parallel to the leaf, shave off any excess stem so that it is flush with the leaf and will roll easily. Repeat with each collard.

Blanch each collard green leaf in the boiling water for 1 minute, until softened and bright green. Remove from the water and immediately submerge in an ice bath for 1 minute, or until cool to the touch. Dry the collard greens on paper towels until ready to use.
Make the peanut sauce: In a medium bowl, combine the peanut butter, Sriracha, sesame oil, honey, lime juice, water, and salt. Whisk until smooth.

In a small bowl, mix together the soy sauce, garlic powder, and red pepper flakes. Pour over the tofu strips and marinate for 15 minutes.
Heat the sesame oil in a medium pan over medium-high heat. Add the tofu strips and sear for 2 minutes on each side, until browned. Remove the tofu from the pan.

To build the wraps, lay a collard green leaf on a flat surface. Spread 2 teaspoons of peanut sauce across the center of the leaf. Lay 1 strip of tofu on top of the sauce, followed by 3-4 pieces of cucumber, 1 tablespoon shredded carrot, and a bit of mint, Thai basil, and scallions.

Fold one side of the leaf over the filling and dollop a bit of peanut sauce on top. Fold the other side of the leaf over the filling, and using the sauce to secure. Fold the bottom of the leaf up and over the filling. Tuck in all of the ingredients and roll until the bottom half has reached the top of the leaf. Spread a bit of sauce on the top of the leaf and roll to secure the wrap. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.

Cut in half on the diagonal, then serve with more peanut sauce for dipping, if desired.